---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "immuta_data_source Resource - terraform-provider-immuta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Register a data source via the V2 API.
---

# immuta_data_source (Resource)

Register a data source via the V2 API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_details` (Attributes) The connection details for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_details))
- `connection_key` (String) The connection string key, must be unique.

### Optional

- `name_template` (Attributes) The name template for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_template))
- `options` (Attributes) The options for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `owners` (Attributes List) The owners for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform resource identifier

<a id="nestedatt--connection_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_details`

Required:

- `database` (String) The database containing the data source.
- `handler` (String) The handler for the data source, one of [Snowflake, Databricks, Trino etc.].
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for the data source.
- `port` (Number) The port to which to connect.
- `username` (String) The username with which to connect.

Optional:

- `authentication_method` (String) The authentication method for the data source.
- `connection_string_options` (String) The connection string options for the data source.
- `http_path` (String) [Databricks] The HTTP path for the cluster used to ingest.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the data source.
- `schema` (String) The schema containing the data source.
- `ssl` (Boolean) true|false Whether or not to use SSL for the data source.
- `user_files` (Attributes List) The user files for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_details--user_files))
- `warehouse` (String) [Snowflake] The warehouse for the ingestion.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_details--user_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_details.user_files`

Required:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The base64 encoded content of the user file.
- `file_name` (String) The file name for the user file, to be displayed in UI.
- `key` (String) The key for the user file.



<a id="nestedatt--name_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_template`

Required:

- `data_source_format` (String) How the data source named will be formatted in Immuta.
- `schema_format` (String) How the schema named will be formatted in Immuta.
- `schema_project_name_format` (String) How the schema project named will be formatted in Immuta.
- `table_format` (String) How the table named will be formatted in Immuta.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `disable_sensitive_data_discovery` (Boolean) true|false whether to disable sensitive data discovery for the data source.
- `table_tags` (List of String) Tags to be applied to each data source ingested via the connection.


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the owner.
- `type` (String) The type of the owner, user or group.

Optional:

- `iam` (String) The IAM system of the owner.
